COLOR CHOICES FOR PAGES:

All of my gallery pages have the same layout. The header is done in bisque, a smooth, creamy color which goes well with my chocolate text. I used chocolate text in my header and main sections. I went with light green for the main background color which I think is well-suited since many of my photos have a nature or outdoors theme. I chose a deeper color, dark cyan, as my footer background for contrast. For my footer text coloring I used beige so it can stand out against the dark cyan. Paris is one of my gallery pages and I made one of my favorite photos that I took while in Paris the background photo. 


GALLERY WEBSITES CRITIQUES:

I enjoyed looking over gallery websites. Most of the ones I saw were used to showcase art, photography or food and were done well. Below are my thoughts on three examples.

https://www.palais-de-danse.co.uk/
This website showcases a style of ballroom dancing from the early decades of music. The test for me in looking at a website is whether they can draw me in to learn more and this site did a good job. The home page has a sidebar that provided information and history about this art form and included a gallery of photos in the form of a carousel as you scroll down. They also have a "Gallery" page on the header menu. The Gallery page had not only photos but also posted a couple of videos. I liked everything about this website and actually found the gallery photo carousel on the home page most effective.



https://www.shortbreadnyc.com/
This website layout made it difficult to grasp what the objective was and it took too long to determine whether it was a commercial venture or simply an individual who loved bread. The main page had squinty fonts, a brief slideshow with cooking quotes. Beneath that was an understated collage of small food photos. It all left things open as to whether they were selling something or a food blog. It turns out they have classes and catering for pay for but you wouldn't know that unless you clicked around the menus. I think a home or landing page should at least give a clue to the website's objective. Also, the footer was too big with only one line in it so it looked amateurish. This website has room for improvement. 



http://www.davehillphoto.com/
This website showcased the photography and film work of a photographer/director with a big body of work. It was presented very well and I did not find myself overwhelmed despite the many photos and film montages. Dave included a gallery on his home page and when you clicked on the "Films" menu it opened up his Vimeo account in a new tab. I like the way this site is organized. 


MY TOPICS: I chose three topics which I themed around "My Favorite Things": Pizza, Paris and Birds.
